Deployment Launcher docs (#941)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/deployment-launcher/manage-deployments.md

| Stop deployment | When pressed, this begins to stop a deployment chosen from the list of running cloud deployments. |

## Expected behaviour

### Listing deployments

When you press the `Refresh` button, the Deployment Launcher gathers a list of running cloud deployments within the SpatialOS project.

You should see a notification similar to the following at the bottom of the deployment launcher window:

```text
Listing deployments in project "<project_name>".
Assembly reloading locked.
```

The standard output and standard error from the command is forwarded to the Unity Console.

<%(Callout message="
A list of deployments has been retrieved successfully when:

* The notification at the bottom of the Deployment Launcher window has disappeared.
")%>

### Stopping deployments

When you press the `Stop deployment` button, the Deployment Launcher sends a request to stop the deployment chosen from the adjacent drop-down option.

<img src="{{assetRoot}}assets/modules/deployment-launcher/stop-deployments-choice.png" style="margin: 0 auto; width: auto; display: block;" />

<%(Callout type="warn" message="

> The list of deployments and corresponding metadata are **not** automatically refreshed. Ensure that you have refreshed the list manually before performing any action.

Author: If someone stops it from the Console it doesn't magically update the UI - wanted to make people aware of that

<%( TOC )%>

# Manage deployments

Open the Deployment Launcher window by selecting **SpatialOS** > **Deployment Launcher** from the Unity Editor menu.

## UI walkthrough

The section of the Deployment Launcher window that you use to manage live deployments can be found under the **Live Deployments** label.

> Initially, the Deployment Launcher does not know of any deployments. It will only update its known list of deployments when requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially, the Deployment Launcher does not know of any deployments. It only updates its known list of deployments when requested.
```

<img src="{{assetRoot}}assets/modules/deployment-launcher/manage-deployments-empty.png" style="margin: 0 auto; width: auto; display: block;" />

<%(#Expandable title="Buttons")%>

| Button name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Refresh | When pressed, the Deployment Launcher retrieves a list of cloud deployments currently running in your SpatialOS project. |

<%(/Expandable)%>

### Listed deployments

When there are live cloud deployments running, this section is updated with a list of these live deployments and some metadata about them. The deployment metadata is **read-only**.

<img src="{{assetRoot}}assets/modules/deployment-launcher/manage-deployments.png" style="margin: 0 auto; width: auto; display: block;" />

<%(#Expandable title="Metadata")%>

| Metadata | Example |
| --- | --- |

> | Deployment name | The name of the given cloud deployment. For example, `testmobile13052019`. |

Reviewer: just leaving a comment here that I still don't like `testmobile13052019` as an example xD
